Improve credential how-to description in README (#367)
fsspec/adlfs: README.md

The `adl://` and `abfs://` protocols are included in fsspec's known_implementations registry 
in fsspec > 0.6.1, otherwise users must explicitly inform fsspec about the supported adlfs protocols.

> 

Reviewer: Unrelated change.

- `connection_string`
- `account_name`
- `account_key`
- `sas_token`
- `tenant_id`, `client_id`, and `client_secret` are combined for an Azure ServicePrincipal e.g. `storage_options={'account_name': ACCOUNT_NAME, 'tenant_id': TENANT_ID, 'client_id': CLIENT_ID, 'client_secret': CLIENT_SECRET}`
- `anon`: `True` or `False`. The default value for anon (i.e. anonymous) is True
- `location_mode`: valid values are "primary" or "secondary" and apply to RA-GRS accounts

For more argument details see all arguments for [`AzureBlobFileSystem` here](https://github.com/fsspec/adlfs/blob/f15c37a43afd87a04f01b61cd90294dd57181e1d/adlfs/spec.py#L328) and [`AzureDatalakeFileSystem` here](https://github.com/fsspec/adlfs/blob/f15c37a43afd87a04f01b61cd90294dd57181e1d/adlfs/spec.py#L69).

The following environmental variables can also be set and picked up for authentication:
- "AZURE_STORAGE_CONNECTION_STRING"
- "AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME"
- "AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_KEY"
- "AZURE_STORAGE_SAS_TOKEN"
- "AZURE_STORAGE_TENANT_ID"
- "AZURE_STORAGE_CLIENT_ID"
- "AZURE_STORAGE_CLIENT_SECRET"

> The filesystem can be instantiated for different use cases base on a variety of `storage_options` combinations. The following list describes some commen use cases utilizing `AzureBlobFileSystem`, i.e. protocols `abfs`or `az`. Note all cases require the `account_name` argument to be provided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filesystem can be instantiated for different use cases based on a variety of `storage_options` combinations. The following list describes some common use cases utilizing `AzureBlobFileSystem`, i.e. protocols `abfs`or `az`. Note that all cases require the `account_name` argument to be provided:
```

1. Anonymous connection to public container: `storage_options={'account_name': ACCOUNT_NAME, 'anon': True}` will assume the `ACCOUNT_NAME` points to a public container, and attempt to use an anonymous login. Note, the default value for `anon` is True.
2. Auto credential solving using Azure's DefaultAzureCredential() library: `storage_options={'account_name': ACCOUNT_NAME, 'anon': False}` will use [`DefaultAzureCredential`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-identity/azure.identity.defaultazurecredential?view=azure-python) to get valid credentials to the container `ACCOUNT_NAME`. `DefaultAzureCredential` attempts to authenticate via the [mechanisms and order visualized here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/overview/azure/identity-readme?view=azure-python#defaultazurecredential).

> 3. Azure ServicePrincipal: `tenant_id`, `client_id`, and `client_secret` are all used as crendentials for a Azure ServicePrincipal: e.g. `storage_options={'account_name': ACCOUNT_NAME, 'tenant_id': TENANT_ID, 'client_id': CLIENT_ID, 'client_secret': CLIENT_SECRET}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Azure ServicePrincipal: `tenant_id`, `client_id`, and `client_secret` are all used as credentials for an Azure ServicePrincipal: e.g. `storage_options={'account_name': ACCOUNT_NAME, 'tenant_id': TENANT_ID, 'client_id': CLIENT_ID, 'client_secret': CLIENT_SECRET}`.
```
